hey guys Rick at rallies for the REC
here and I'm super excited to show this
to you this is the Mishimoto upgraded
radiator for the mitsubishi evo 10
behind me I've got our ego 10 now what
that means is I'm gonna be installing
this on our ego 10 and I am very excited
we've been running on the stock radiator
for quite some time you know we abused
this car quite a bit out at the track
and it really just needs some upgraded
cooling and so bring in the Mishimoto
radiator this thing is beautiful all
aluminum construction is gonna be a
direct fit for the factory radiator
which is fantastic so we're not gonna
have to modify anything but our cooling
capacity is gonna be so much higher we
should be able to run harder out on the
track run for longer and not have to
worry about overheating or anything like
that and so I am so excited for this and
of course it does come with Mishimoto
lifetime warranty and again everything
is gonna hook up just like stock and of
course you can see the radiator hose
attachments and then on the bottom we've
got where it drops into the subframe I
mean everything on this should just be a
direct plug-and-play and you've got the
provisions for everything just like
stock so again I'm so excited to get
into some because we've been meeting and
upgraded in or excuse me radiator for
our evo for quite some time so this
should be perfect so let's go ahead and
get started
hey guys so we've just installed the
Mishimoto radiator on our evo 10 now I
wanted to give you guys a review a
pretty basic review with the bumper off
just so you can kind of see everything
you can't see the radiator peeking out
just just behind the a/c condenser there
but it's kind of hard to show cuz on top
you've got the radiator support and it's
just very hard to show and then of
course you know as far as driving around
it's gonna be much like the stock
radiator except we're gonna get a lot
better cooling performance so that way
forever out to the track you know we can
stay out longer drive the car harder
without risk of overheating which is
exactly what we want this car does see
quite a bit of track use and we just
wanted to make sure that we were staying
safe and we could stay out on the track
longer and have more fun with the car so
next let's talk about the install really
install is very simple I mean as far as
radiator and stalls go
everything hooks up just like stock and
pull the stock radiator out take off the
fan shroud pop it on the Mishimoto
radiator put it all back in hook back up
all your hoses and you're good to go now
I did pressure test this radiator
everything's good no leaks or anything
like that and so we should be able to go
out and have some fun with this car so
anyway that's really all I wanted to
talk about was just that it's a very
high quality radiator you know if you
are looking for an upgraded radiator how
you recommend the Mishimoto everything
fit beautifully so it's all the time
we've got for you things are checking us
out we'll see you next time